- # Day 1
- THE BOOK :D
-
- Simplicity
	- Functional
		- Functions first class citizens
		- Immutable
		- Higher order functions
	- Libraries
		- Operators that are provided.
		-
- Performance
	- Async / Non-Blocking
	- Push-Streaming
-
- Polling is not so performant.
- Ping whenever data is ready.
-
- Where it **DOESN'T** work?
	- CPU-bound stuff, so if it is CPU intensive
	- Collection processing.
-
- Reactive is based on Observer Pattern.
	- + Efficient Async Push
- - Where is the end? 
  - How to Unsubscribe?
  - Poor composition
- Iterator (Iterables)
	- - Ineffecient Sync Pull
	      - Poor composition
	  + Clear where is the end
	  + Can Unsubscribe
	-
- Reactive:
	- Observer + Iterator = Rx
		- Subscribre()
		- cancel()
		- onNext
		- onError
		- onComplete
-
- Mono
	- onNext
	- onComplete
	- onError
- Flux
	- onComplete()
	- onError()
-
- async, decoupled by time.
-
- `Mono<Void>` --- async library
	- Void can only be:
		- return null;
		- throw new RuntimeException();
	- That means `Mono<Void>` will be:
		- Mono.empty()
		- Mono.error(new RuntimeException())
- `Mono<T>` --- async ordinary
- `Mono<List<T>>` --- async batch (coupled in time _and_ from eachother)
- `Flux<T>` --- async stream
-
- # Basics!
- `defer()` only execute when subscribed to
- **Marble diagrams**
- RxFiddle
- [RxMarbles](rxmarbles.com)
-
- Sink is something that you can "sent" downstream. Will be used downstream.
-
## Transformation
- flatMap.
-
- transform -- create methods that  you can add to "decorate" a Flux. Transform adds transformations to a Flux.
-
- Create simple logical methods.
- Have something like transform to extract some stuff.
-
- `.switchMap()` --> subscribed to one publisher at a time. Transparently,
	- New configuration, then to the next publisher. Switching things, can do all that.
-
-
- ## Observing / Debugging
-
- # Day 2
- ## Recap
- Without subscribe nothing will happen.
- Observer; handler `onNext` `onError` `onComplete`. Last two are terminal signals, get one of them only. `onError` -> error on datasource side.
-
- Reactive Manifesto
	- Responsive
	- Resilient
	- Elastic
	- Message Driven
-
- Backpressure was missing. Communicate met producer, let know how much you can consume.
- ==> Reactive streams.
- Rx Push model
- Async Batch pull
- Standard set of interfaces
-
- Project Reactor; Best tool for backend engineering.
-
- `.flatMap(list -> Flux.fromIterable(list))` -> `.flatMapIterable(Function.identity)` #error-prone-support
-
- Verify keyword is subscribing to your datasource.
- You have to get the order completely **CORRECT** in order to have a **GOOD** StepVerifier.
-
- `expectNoEvent` --> make sure you have `expectSubscription` before that!!! #error-prone-support
-
- `VirtualTimeScheduler` can replace all the schedulers for the Mono and Flux'es in the JVM.
	- It helps you testing all the fluxes and all the scenarios where you have timeouts, have to wait.
	- Using `.then()` you can use a lambda to call `advanceTimeBy`.
-
- Always reset VirtualTimeScheduler, could be via `try-finally` #error-prone-support
-
- `TestPublisher` can be used to check e.g. your `RetryUtils.addFailureTolerance` to make sure you correctly configured your retry logic. The TestPublisher allows you to verify many other things.
-
- `PublisherProbe` part of the functionality that is inside `TestPublisher` limited because you cannot emit signals. However, you can assert about subscriptions and stuff.
-
- ## Combination
- `merge`
- `zip` --> will slow down if there is one stream that is slow.
- `combineLatest()` --> it cashes the latest result from every stream. Use the `.distinct()` to make sure something will _not_ show twice.
- `Schedulers.parallel()` divides the work over all schedulers in Round-Robin fashion.
- `Mono.when` subscribes to all things and then waits until all of them are completed.
- `materialize` -> in `zip` it makes something a `Mono<Signal<T>>` instead of `Mono<T>` to make sure the `zip` doesn't end too soon.
- `firstWithSignal` also checks `onComplete` and `onError`, the `firstWithValue` leaves those out.
- `Flux#using()` is useful for working with resources. It does things without (too much?) blocking. It's sort of equivalent `try-with-resources`.
- `Flux#usingWhen()` you can do e.g. a database call. Define something to do on cancellation or error.
-
- ## Multithreading
- Separate scheduler API is provided because the Java one is not good enough.
- Schedulers:
	- `.parallel()`
	- `.single()`
	- `.boundedElastic()`
-
- ## Parallelism Types
- **Data Parallelism**: Dataset is shared between workers. No order guaranteed.
-
- **Tasks Parallelism**: Tasks are shared between workers, process same dataset. Result order is guarenteed.
-
- `.publishOn()` says, move it to another thread. publishOn has a queue inside it. So if it waits it does something else. Takes another element.
- `.parallel(4)` --> DONT USE IT. Works quite confusing. Uses `publishOn` under the hood.
- `.publishOn` will let us say where we want to publish it on, which thread / scheduler to use.
-
- `.subscribeOn` should be used "where signals are **generated**".
	- Like `defer`, `fromCallable`.
- `.publishOn` can only be used "where signals are **created**".
	- Like `.map`.
-