title:: Paper 2.0

-
- ### Calculation:
- Originally, everything copied over to the new format results in:
	- 8.5 pages without references (so comes till the 9th page halfway)
	- 9.5 pages with references (so there are max 10 pages)
- This translates to:
	- 11,05 pages. So with references likely 13.
-
-
- Doesn't support backpressure! RxJava.
-
- Paper 1.0: https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/3477314.3507153
-
- ## What to add in the paper?
- Mockito stuff. `InlineMockitoStatements`
- Extensions to the `InlineMe`?
- Multiple return statements.
-
- ## Possible extensions
- Parameters
- Local variables?
- Variable already used fixen.
- Abstract classes fixen?
- More templates >>> is a given.
-
- ## New project
- Migration from TestNG -> JUnit
	- Is very different...
	- Can't really re-use things
-
- ## Reactor guys
- Had contact with Reactor guys.
	- They are interested.
-
- # Answers
- First copy over.
- No additional research; add more examples; more motiviation.
- Write more about the work you have done.
- Extendend version;
	- Future work can but not possible;
	- Double size.
- Reviewers like to see what is new.
-
-
- InlineMe part is not there.
- Interfaces also not.
-
- # Meeting 22-6-2022
- % XXX: Should I add this? --> Talk about `Extended abstract` part? Can't find a good example for that.
	- Leave out
	-
- What are the guidelines for new titles? Any ideas?
	- Titles;
-
- Mag de abstract langer zijn? Of dat nog steeds niet?
	- It's allowed.
	-
- I need a Author(s)' bio and photo. From both of you.
- 1.5 x 1.5 inches in size? In Word format. Create a biography of 140 words.
-
- Is it OK to make the link of the copy right an URL ? Otherwise it's a bit lame... (in copyright stuff)
-
- Do we want to mention existing tools?  In the Related work section? (There is quite some extra stuff we didn't mention in the paper, but it is already quite a big part of the paper???)
	- Batch Changes
	- OpenRewrite
		- A: We have to!!!! `OpenRewrite` is gaining traction.
		- Extra:
	-
	- Other would be `Refactoring in IDEs`?
		- More material, easy way.
		-
- Unwrap unnecessary conversions.  --> Stephan, would it be nice to open source this in my thesis repo and?  Or give an update and tell about the `iDentityConversion` check?
	- Ofcourse; lets see if possible. But where possible, let's show it.
	- Otherwise, explain that we _want_ to do this. Intention.
	-
- At the time of writing, Java 8 is niet meer ondersteunt toch? @Stephan
-
- Do we want this? Table 3.1: The mapping of the primary RxJava types to the primary Reactor types
	- I think it's too specific tho.
		- Yes
-
-
- When we talk about extending Refaster, do we want to link to some PRs that we opened? Or not really?
-
- More emphasis on the fact that we made a framework instead of a simple EP plugin?
	-
-
- # ADDING STUFFFF
- InlineMe stuff is not as clear
	- Show when this was added
	- Explain what limitations are lifted.
- Interfaces is not mentioned at all with examples.
- The tests are not mentioned.
-
-
-
- Inlining part is nottt at all clear. Dive into 4.1, as it is sooo important _and_ interesting.
-
- ## MEETING
- Add more stuff of many places. Things you already have, why not.
- Have meeting for the Tuesday