-
- ​
- ## Intro
  ​
- Maintainability -> Technical debt -> Decrease efficiency.
- Java platform team creates modules:
	- Perhaps better to mention our vision than what we do and then mention how we do it, where you need to keep it simple with the examples.
- ### Developer productivity 
  ​
- Also mention that this means all Java applications are set up the same. Similar experience in all.
- Struggling with talking about defaults and configuration. Just mention 'Convention over configuration', with meaningful defaults that can be overwritten, while allowing for customizability.
- With multiplier factor; explain that the goal is that teams write business logic mostly/only.
- ​
- ### Dependency management
  ​
  Convergence issue is rather due to **API incompatabilities** to be aware of; Maven is generally deterministic. See
- ## Configs
  ​
  Highlight which come from PSM and which are domain-specific, to stress how much we generalize.
  ​
- ### OpenRewrite
  ​
  Mentions recipes can either contain steps that perform the migration or more recipes to provide nesting/hierarchy.
  ​
  Haha you sound like Tim. However, to be fair it was not such a silver bullet as you show it to be. I would put the emphasis on that, depending on the complexity
  of your apps (how much you do custom), it can bring you 80% there. Because my question would then be; why did it then take you 2 months? There might be areas that
  still require manual effort (JAXB, Apache HTTP client 4 -> 5).
  ​
- ### ArchUnit
  ​
  Mention that we already have formatting and infrastructure as uniform as possible, but that ArchUnit also allows us to have the structure of domain logic uniform.
  This allows it to be easy for developers to work and switch on many projects.
- ​
-
- Intro + Agenda 15:36
	- Developer productivity vs. developer experience/velocity? Productivity has slightly negative connotations
- Developers 15:40
	- Try to avoid over-using 'leverage'
-
	- Dependency upgrades: the automerge conflicts a bit with your earlier point about the team investigating all upgrades and gaining knowledge about external modules.
- Shared libraries 15:59
	- 'our users' -> would be nicer to say 'our developers' consistently.
	- Would not spell out all config entries in the example picture, maybe just highlight explain 2 or 3?
- Static analysis 16:02
	- Two months to migrate still sounds like a lot, maybe make clear this is not full-time, can we share another metric that shows how this helped us?
	- Pkg dependency checks: would use different example names, source and target are confusing with Maven src / target directories.
- End 16:14