- Create catalog and store non user data there.
-
- So you "send" it; but only if it matches.
-
- Connected audience filter.
- They can do an API call to us and e.g. see if there is actually capacity.
	- Decision IN the message level.
-
- Campaign stuff is based on User Profile level.
- Catalogs, create via API or UI. CSV upload.
-
- purchases; life time value; spent all the things.
- 256 events / attributes per purchase. 50 kb limit for that payload.
-
- events indefintely stored.
	- but 30 days for filters? segments?
	- recency and frequency, in a given period of time; thats only 30 days in the real time segmentation.
-
- Composed segments is possible.
-
-
-
- **Q1. How did you first learn about Picnic? What inspired you to join our company/organization?**
- I learned about Picnic at the Thesis Fair at the UvA and the impression of the vibe and culture of Picnic (based on talking with a few people) felt really good and made me enthusiastic.
- My thesis topic was challenging and quite technical. It was a topic in which I could take a deep dive and put a lot of effort in. I was looking for something like this as final project of my study. Together with having an amazing supervisor that is motivated and very knowledgeable.
- **Q2. What to do you love about Picnic?**
- To work with smart and enthusiastic people in a flexible and pragmatic organisation.
- The focus on high quality code, code consistency, and the impact we can have as a team on the company.
- **Q3. Why do you think someone should join your team?**
- We are having a lot of impact on all the other teams.
  We make the life of other developers better.
- We are working on enforcing best practices and in support developers to be productive.
- We can have an influence on shaping the culture of the company (by the tools that we provide and the things that we enforce).
- **Q4. What was your favourite project that you worked on?**
- My favorite project is error-prone-support. I acquired a lot of knowledge on Error Prone and worked together with Stephan Schroevers on this project. This project is challenging on a technical level and it was amazing that we could open source this software.
- With this project we can automatically improve code based on rules that are applied and enforced on all Picnic Java code.
- Additionally, it is amazing that I could create a talk for this and enabled me to become a conference speaker at many big conferences in many different countries.
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-
-