- Yes, enabling the custom rule is definitely possible. Though, it is important to note and explain that this rule can be considered as opinionated. In this PR I only updated the occurrences that are _mutable_ (which is the second suggested fix of the custom rule). Enabling this rule would also result in rewriting all other usages to an  _immutable_ variant, which basically means that all other occurrences will be rewritten to `com.google.common.collect.ImmutableSet#toImmutableSet` (likewise for `List` and `Map`). This could result in quite some changes.
-
- We would be interested in your opinion on the rule and are definitely willing to enable it this repository.
-
- So to be complete, let me ask a few questions:
	- Are you also open okay with the changes that rewrite collectors to the _immutable_ variant?
	- Can we do both the applying, introducing Error Prone Support (with enabling the check) all in the same PR? I'm also fine with splitting those if necessary.
-
- > I don't use these type of methods much, so I am not really following. Can you explain what the difference or harm is from the old code?
- In the cases that are updated in this PR we are making some assumptions about the mutability of the sets (and lists). To be precise: we are using a collector to create a set and later modify the set, so the set is mutated. The Javadoc of the methods previously used clearly states that: "There are no guarantees on the type, mutability, serializability, or thread-safety of the Set returned; if more control over the returned Set is required, use `toCollection(Supplier)`." 
  
  Since we want to have more control over the returned set (because we need to have the guarantee that the set is mutable), we need to rewrite this code to the `toCollection(Supplier`.
-
- There are some [extra examples on the documentation](https://error-prone.picnic.tech/bugpatterns/CollectorMutability/) of this check for some examples and its suggested fixes.
-