- Thanks for thoroughly thinking about this and explaining your thought process, I like it :smile:!
  
  One important assumption we are making here, which should be true for 99% of the cases, is that someone is using something like `verifyComplete()` after the `assertNext`. As Stephan mentions [here](https://github.com/PicnicSupermarket/error-prone-support/pull/617#issuecomment-1555956360), while the code doesn't yield a warning, it doesn't verify anything.
  
  Having the `@BeforeTemplate` without `.verifyComplete()` makes it more generic, which should also be fine in most cases. If it appears that this is not the case, we can always decide to make the rule more strict. For example, by creating a `Matcher` ([examples](https://github.com/PicnicSupermarket/error-prone-support/tree/master/refaster-support/src/main/java/tech/picnic/errorprone/refaster/matchers)) that verifies that the `assertNext` is followed by a `verifyComplete`. 
  Another option what would maybe even be better is creating *another* check (probably a BugPattern would be better for this) that _enforces_ that an `assertNext` is followed by an `verifyComplete`. That would even be better and make this Refaster rule 100% valid :wink:. (We can probably make that rule more generic even).
  
  > **these 2 templates are testing different things**
  
  So together with the knowledge that an `assertNext` is not verifying anything, and therefore the assumption that we have an `verifyComplete()`, we _are_ actually doing a correct replacement. 
  
  Let's consider the following failing test:
  ```
   Flux.just(1, 2)
           .collect(toImmutableList())
           .as(StepVerifier::create)
           .assertNext(list -> assertThat(list).containsExactly(1))
           .verifyComplete();
  ```
  
  Would correctly be rewritten to: 
  ```
     Flux.just(1, 2)
          .as(StepVerifier::create)
          .expectNext(1)
          .verifyComplete();
  ```
  
  Which would fail with: 
  > java.lang.AssertionError: expectation "expectComplete" failed (expected: onComplete(); actual: onNext(2))
  
  [Here](https://github.com/search?q=org%3APicnicSupermarket+%2F%5C.assertNext.*%5C%29%3B%2F&type=code) a quick (not fullproof) GitHub search on Picnic code that shows we are in all cases verifying.
-
-
-
- Lieve mensen, het regelen van een aantal activeiten gaat op de achtergrond nog steeds door. Het is niet makkelijk met een groep van 14 man, maar er wordt aan gewerkt :smile:!
  
  We hebben nog wat voor jullie; we willen namelijk 4 commissies nog vullen, dus we hebben een kleine sheet gemaakt. Graag even je naam invullen bij een vakje!
  https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wFdp317l9ecFs5Q_cy5zTA-ZNBVrQRkPeGjyz1R_Els/edit?usp=sharing
-
-
-
-