- The future of automated code quality and improvements; Open Rewrite x Error Prone
- ---
- Tired of spending hours on manually fixing technical debt and improving code quality?
-
- There are many tools out there focused on reporting issues. However, only reporting is not enough, we need to automate our manual and repetitive work. Therefore we are going to dive into OpenRewrite and Error Prone. Two tools capable of large scale automated refactoring to improve code quality, remove bugs and remove technical debt.
-
- When to use which tool? Want to learn how you can use both tools to minimize the manual effort spend and significantly improve code quality and focus on actually writing new software?
-
- We'll take a dive into both tools and how we can leverage both to their full potential. When used correctly, both tools can have a tremendous impact on your codebase and code quality.
-
- Curious to know which tool to use when? We'll dive into the world of OpenRewite and Error Prone to demonstrate when to use which tool and even how they can complement each other. Knowing when
-
- their full potential.  Join us to explore, and empower your coding journey with the forces of automation and code excellence. 
  We will show how we combine the powerful Moderne platform with Error Prone to easily define and apply refactorings on a large scale!
  OR:
- We will demonstrate how we combine the easy-to-define refactoring templates from Error Prone with the power of the Moderne platform, which makes it easy to define and apply refactorings on a large scale!
-
- that we are going to discuss a wide variety of things because we have two powerful tools: that will help you with "all you need". Example: ** From performing large migrations to fixing bugs and enforcing best practices, everything will be discussed.**
  I like how both tools are good for MANY things.
-
-
- Things we will discuss (partly in dutch):
- ```
  Hoe we hier komen
  - Beide tools komen soort tegelijk op
  - Verhaal Jonathan at Google to
  
  Wat het nu is
  - Two tools with different purpose.
  - Differences between the tools 
  - Dive into OpenRewrite
  - Dive into Moderne platform
  - Dive into Error Prone Support.
  
  Hoe te gebruiken? / recommendations?
  - Hoe de tools elkaar aanvullen
  - Wanneer moet je welke gebruiken in welke situatie?
  
  Waar gaat het naartoe?
  - We are creating a bridge between the two tools, such that you can easily define esxpressions in Refaster (which is part of Error Prone Support) and use that with OpenRewrite).
  - We will continue to work on that and improove support.
  ```