- Spinnaker notes: Presentation Pieter dry run for Lunch and Learn.
	- The image is not really visible IMO.
	- What does manually operate mean? 8 slide; explain manually applying. Imporatant as we want to automate ourselves.
	- 11; stage composition, you explain it a bit but might be hard for people to understand.Maybe give examples like FR DEV and whatever.
	- You said NL biggest cluster, not sure about that?
	- Maybe show the image at the bottom while we are going over the "nodes". Slide 15 - 16.
-
- Goal of the DSL?
-
-
- # Feedback Victor Email
- Tips:
- ~~talk less about the company and more about you. Perhaps postpone the conpany (pitch) to the end of the talk (5-10 mins). Just drop enough info to understand the context at the beginning.~~
- highlight the problems more. ~~You started great with "tired of fixing the same bug twice in the same week".~~ Push harder on the bikeshedding effect, typical for enthusiastic teams.
- was the social interaction to craft those rules also very important? Those slack debates , i feel they really were very fun and inspiring/englightening by many.
- some rules (toImmutableList) are opinionated and can cause bugs in some codebases, eg those using Hibernate🤢
- the @Var is a powerful example to explain in more detail - it caused many questions on zoom meeting
- make the demo project installable without errors, ~~and share it at the start of the presentation. Some people were asking for a demo project during the presentation, and I mist confess I was trying to make it install myself during your talk.~~
  
  All in all however, it was a great presentation. You can think of sharing it with community groups or local conferences, perhaps even bigger communities (jfall?) If you shift a bit the focus on practices not just this errorprone tool. There are few companies with such coding standards as Picnic. They deserve to be widely published.