-
- Marc discussion;
	- Actually they are two different things conceptually
		- a communication channel
		- and whether you actually consent to something.
	- Problem: there are now actually mixed up. This is not so nice for the implementation itself.
	- Technically version reality is out of sync.
	- 2017/2018 he
-
- # The idea.
- What are the reqs?
- Make an estimation
- Determine priority
-
-
- With customer team.
- What would the architecture look like.
	- Ask if it is even legal
	- Should they be two separate things? The channels and consents.
- Barbara vragen. --> Creative and pragmatic.
-
-
-
- picnicshared tools in picnic-rule-engine-rules
- how go about creating a client, where should we do that.
-
- client module, with a client that connects to PPP.
- Make an implementation of:
	- PageRenderingService
-
- prepareEmail in SeligentRecordBuilder
- if(usePageSystem){
  id:: 661d0b43-3da6-4991-8a52-fdf94ad85000
- pageService.render(...) }
-
- preview to checkthem..
-
- preview endpoint, return both of them.
-
- `actionList` is what we should get the service.
-
- ```
  acompare(EmailRequest request){
     return SelligentCompareResult.of(selligentRecordBuilder.prepareEmail(requetst),
     pageService.render(...);
  }
  
  return DTO old an new
  bonus: 
  interface SelligentCompareResult{
  String getNew();
  String getOld();
  @Value.Derived
  String getDiff();
  }
  est
-
- its utility to test in dev.
-
-
- coming in from the event, map it to internal. the one deleted are not able to be there.
-
-
- MARC en Stephan en Enric talk.