-
- Syncing: 2 days for the whole syncing part. 1 for changes 1 for QA
	- Customer sets/unsets push topic --> to consents
- Backfilling: 1.5 day (of effort, running it takes longer)
	- Picnic:
		- historically; for all customers who gave marketing consent --> assign MARK Push Topic for all devices.
	- Braze:
		- for all active customers; backfill push topics to Braze
-
-
- Sycning custom events [COM-660](https://picnic.atlassian.net/browse/COM-660)
	- Requirements: Sending new events without BE development
		- *Set of known events should be managed.*
		- *Need a set / repo of known events.*
	- In Braze Bridge we should create a service that allows you to do CRUD operations on supported custom events. (2 weeks)
		- Repository Mongo
		- List
		- CRUD
		- Name, schema and info before creating one.
		- State of the custom event; is proposed/verified/correct/wrong.
			- Higher Privileges required to "approve"
		- Get pending requests endpoint
	- F: Endpoint to receive custom events `send-custom-event/{{name}}` with content of the event as request body that is being send to Braze . (2 weeks)
		- Use BrazeClient to propagate the event.
		- Observability
		- Verify that the request body matches the schema of the custom event.
	- Using this from Rule Engine (2 days)
		- Create client for sending custom events. (1 day)
			- Client lives on Braze Bridge side. `client-module` implements the service.
			- Accepting DTO and forwarding it as an httprequest using the spring webclient, adding retry policy.
		- Wire the client in RE and introduce action bindings such that the custom events can be send. (1 day)
			- Extract name and content and pass that to the client.
			-
-
- From Picnic system trigger a campaign in Braze
	- Can we use solution above?
	- a.k.a. can we trigger a (transactional) campaign with a custom event?
	- Defining campaign;
-
-
-
-
-