- Comments:
-
- TMO-86: We can extract this into a method :)
- TMO-107: We generally prefer early returns, even though we use the `bodyStartPos` only later. If we anyway are gonna return, we can better now as early as possible.
- TMO-126: Let's put `private static` methods below the rest.
- TMO-143: No, let's drop it. The debugger shows that with the most recently added example, it hits this line. This means that once we have our own definition of an annotation (which we have quite often), we would log it repeatedly.
-
- TMOClassTest-218: This is to make sure everything is handled well, while in the generated code there is a generated default constructor, right?  Let's rename to: `replacementHandlesGeneratedDefaultConstructor` in that case.
- TMOClassTest-268: Maybe nice to make this a multiline Javadoc, to show we also handle that?
- TMOClassTest-344:As this gave some troubles, maybe we can add another case, where the annotation uses a field and has two references?
- TMOUnhandled-6:
  ```
  I like the unhandled cases, though I'm thinking if a simple XXX would be better in the `TypeMemberOrder`. There we can simply mention which edge cases we are missing and if necessary extra considerations people need to know about that.
  
  Now that I wrote it out, I think it makes more sense to add an XXX. That's our usual approach as well and makes it clearer to see what is missing, instead of interpreting a test before understanding. (I'm not sure if we discussed this and I first said something else about it, I hope not :grimacing:)
  ```
- MoreASTHelpers; we should make a test for this.
- TMOInterface#dangling comments, first one is not from bar right?D ()
	- DanglingComment, can remove static final
	- not foo method, but foo field
- empty statements comment is also in ClassTest
- Lets drop the . from all comments.
- Is it a dangling comment if we use this: 
  ```
  "  /* `bar` field's dangling comment. */ ;",
  ```
- TMOClassTest, have class level Suppression
-
-
-
- Polymorphic JSON; iterate in the future.
- Now we accept they have same fields; maybe later they will add more.
- All in one collection, properties can change overtime. Might be difficult.
- We start with only one.
-
- Create ticket for BrazeClient; 2 extensions
- First on high level; then on lower level, so not implementing everything but make service, controllers, access tests, everything.
-